_**1. Main theme (Agree or Disagree)**_

Today's argument on the table is that: Agree or Disagree? on whether companies should inform the feedback of the reason for elimination when there is an inquiry from applicants.

I can only speak for myself,

I agree.

As an applicant and, even if I wear the shoes of the head of human resources, I would agree.

_**2. Supportive idea**_

0\. Healthy relationship

1\. No need to hide.

2\. It will boost more applicants (people love feedback)

3\. If there is a nearly qualified person then he/she can prepare more. win-win for both of them.

4\. Last but not least, Company might not like it though, it is only for those who inquire the feedback, won't take too much cost for that

  
_**3. Examples / Experience**_

For example, I still do not get any feedback from Google that I applied for. I already had an interview with them. But they did not give me any feedback on it. And it dwarfed my motivation to Google, to be honest.

As opposed to, I rejected by a game test company that says I do not have suitable experience in the gaming industry which is a fact and helpful. I really like the feedback and reply by saying 'I really appreciated and hope to see more opportunities, I will keep an eye on the positions'

_**4. Conclusion**_

As you can see, this is all about a healthy relationship and trust between applicants and company which is a fundamental thing as a human being. I fully agree with this and hope this will be constitutionally valid one day.

I am open to any questions to take.
